Feat: AI plugins (#6779)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/ai-proxy/overview/_index.md

| Mistral       | User-defined                                           | `llm/v1/completions` | User-defined           |

The following upstream URL patterns are used:

| Provider  | URL                                                                                                  |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| OpenAI    | https://api.openai.com:443/{route_type_path}                                                         |
| Cohere    | https://api.cohere.com:443/{route_type_path}                                                         |
| Azure     | https://{azure_instance}.openai.azure.com:443/openai/deployments/{deployment_name}/{route_type_path} |
| Anthropic | https://api.anthropic.com:443/{route_type_path}                                                      |
| Llama2    | As defined in `config.model.options.upstream_url`                                                    |
| Mistral   | As defined in  `config.model.options.upstream_url`                                                   |

> > ⚠️ Whilst only the **Llama2** and **Mistral** models are classed as "self-hosted", the target URL can be overridden for any of the supported providers.

Author: ```suggestion

{:.important}
> While only the **Llama2** and **Mistral** models are classed as "self-hosted", the target URL can be overridden for any of the supported providers.
```

---
nav_title: Overview
---

> The AI Proxy plugin lets you transform and proxy requests to a number of AI providers and models.

Author: info will be in quickstart

The plugin accepts requests in one of a few defined and standardised formats, translates them to the configured target format, and then transforms the response back into a standard format.

> The AI Proxy plugin supports `v1/chat` and `v1/completion` style requests for all of the following providers:

Reviewer: These route types should match the configurations and documentation elsewhere.   `llm/v1/chat` and `llm/v1/completion`

* OpenAI
* Cohere
* Azure
* Anthropic
* Mistral
* Llama2

The request and response formats are based on OpenAI.
See the [sample OpenAPI specification](https://github.com/kong/kong/blob/master/spec/fixtures/ai-proxy/oas.yaml) for descriptions of the supported formats.

## How it works

Set up connections to an AI service using:

> * The backend URL (unless it's a self-hosted model, in which case set [`config.model.options.upstream_url`](/hub/kong-inc/ai-proxy/#configmodel-options-upstream_url)).

Author: I think this line is just poorly phrased so that its meaning isn't getting across. I'll adjust.
